---
marp: true
theme: default
class: invert
style: |
    section {
        font-size: 180%;
    }
    footer {
        font-size: .6em;
    }
paginate: true
---
<!-- 
_paginate: false
_class: invert
-->

# <!--fit--> Discussion 04
<!-- 
_footer: "Credits to Adit Bala for the MARP template <3"
-->

### Debugging

Brian Lau
`blau1@umd.edu`

---
## Agenda
<!-- 
_footer: Slides available at [`teaching.beelau.dev`](https://teaching.beelau.dev)
-->
1. Debugger Tutorial!
2. Office Hours / Lecture Review
---

## Announcements :mega:
<!-- 
_footer: Slides available at [`teaching.beelau.dev`](https://teaching.beelau.dev)
-->
- `Project 1`
    - Due `Tuesday, Feb 11, 11:30 PM`
    - Note: It's `11:30 PM` not `11:59 PM`
- `Quiz 1`
    - `Wednesday, Feb 12` (during lecture)
---

# Debugging in Eclipse for Java

- Debugging is the process of finding and resolving bugs or errors in software.
- Eclipse provides powerful debugging tools for Java development.
- Download `Debugging.zip` from the class website and let's walk through it!

---
# Breakpoints

- To start we need to set a breakpoint!
- Breakpoints allow you to **pause the execution of your code at specific points.**
- Click on the left margin of the editor window to set or remove breakpoints.
    - Alternatively, use the shortcut Ctrl+Shift+B.

---
# Debugging Perspective
- To start debugging now, right-click on your Java file and select Debug As > Java Application.
Alternatively, use the shortcut F11 or click the bug icon :bug:.

- Eclipse will launch the application in debug mode.

---
# 3 main buttons to step Through Code
- Use the `Step Into (F5)`, `Step Over (F6)`, and `Step Return (F7)` buttons to navigate through code.
    - `Step Into` moves to the next line of code, entering method calls.
    - `Step Over` executes the current line and moves to the next.
    - `Step Return` exits the current method and moves to the caller.
- We also have a resume and a stop button (the green arrow and red button)
    - The resume button will run through your program, stopping at the next breakpoint (or if there isn't it will run the rest of it)
    - The stop button simply stops debugging and quits your program

--- 
# Resetting Perspective
- Sometimes, the layout of views and windows in the Debug perspective might get messy or cluttered.

- To reset the Debug perspective to its default layout:
    - Go to Window > Perspective > Reset Perspective....
    - Select the Debug perspective from the list.
    - Click OK to reset the perspective to its default configuration.

- This can help in regaining clarity and organization, especially if the perspective becomes confusing due to multiple views or misplaced windows.
    - This is also good to know for the regular perspective too :)
---

# Thank you! Any questions?

### Remember to give feedback if you have any!
