---
marp: true
theme: default
class: invert
style: |
    section {
        font-size: 180%;
    }
    footer {
        font-size: .6em;
    }
paginate: true
---
<!-- 
_paginate: false
_class: invert
-->

# <!--fit--> Discussion 03
<!-- 
_footer: "Credits to Adit Bala for his Marp template"
-->

### 

Brian Lau
`blau1@umd.edu`

---
## Agenda
<!-- 
_footer: "Slides available at [`beelau.vercel.app`](https://beelau.vercel.app)"
-->
1. Brief Quiz Discussion + Project Questions
    - I'll give a brief walkthrough of stuff again
2. Programs! This time you guys try :)
    - I'll go over it after too (posted on website)
3. Office Hours / Lecture Review
---
## Announcements :mega:
- `Project 1`
    - Due `Thurs, Feb 8, 11:30 pm` 
    - Note: it's 11:30 not 11:59 
- `Quiz 1`
    - Will be given in lecture on Friday (20 minutes)
    - Practice Quiz Thursday
- Remind Brian of your name

---

# Basic Project Guide (again)

* You should have Eclipse and the Submit Server Plugin
    - Know how to submit via the plugin in Eclipse

    - Know how to run public tests in Eclipse

    - Know how to navigate the submit server
        - Running release tests
        - 3 tokens every 24 hours
        - Must pass all the public tests first
    
    - Basic Debugging
        - Print statements are your best friend :)
---

# Basic Programs
- We're going to be doing 2 programs now!
    - Same concepts as last time
    - This time, you guys try and I'll go over!

---
# 1. Office Hours
- Write a program that reads a day and prints the names of TAs holding office hours on that day. 
    - Office hours don't take place on Saturday and Sunday. If the user enters Saturday or Sunday, the program will print "No weekend office hours." 
    - For any value other than a day of the week, the program will print "Invalid value, enter the day of the week."
    - The schedule is as follows:
        - Rose has office hours on Monday
        - Mike has office hours on Monday, Tuesday
        - Peter has office hours on Tuesday, Wednesday
        - Laura has office hours on Thursday, Friday
---

# 2. Maximum Value
- Write a program that asks the user to enter an integer value between 0 (inclusive) and 100 (inclusive) using the message "Enter a value between 0 and 100." 
    - If the user enters a value greater than 100, the program will print the message "Value too high"
    - If the value is negative, the program will print the message "Value too low"
    - Otherwise, the program will print the value entered and the message "Thank you."

--- 

# Thank you! Any questions?

### Remember to give feedback if you have any!
