---
marp: true
theme: default
class: invert
style: |
    section {
        font-size: 180%;
    }
    footer {
        font-size: .6em;
    }
paginate: true
---
<!-- 
_paginate: false
_class: invert
-->

# <!--fit--> Discussion 06
<!-- 
_footer: "Credits to Adit Bala for his Marp template"
-->

### 

Brian Lau
`blau1@umd.edu`

---
## Agenda
<!-- 
_footer: "Slides available at [`beelau.vercel.app`](https://beelau.vercel.app)"
-->
1. Eclipse Tips
    - Small things to improve your quality of life
2. Coding Example + Some Lecture Review
3. Office Hours / More Lecture Review
---
## Announcements :mega:
- `Project 2`
    - Due `TONIGHT 11:30 pm` 
    - Note: it's 11:30 not 11:59 
- Remind Brian of your name

---

# Eclipse Tips
- Automatic Refresh
    - If public tests create files, they will automatically appear!
- 80 character set limit
    - Automatically formats things to the next line if >= 80 characters
- Formatting
    - Fix your code automatically: CTRL-`a` followed by CTRL-Shift-`f`
---
# Coin Flipping Simulator
- Make sure you understand how I'm using loops!

---

# ASCII Table
- ASCII, which stands for American Standard Code for Information Interchange, is a character encoding standard that assigns a unique number to each letter, digit, and symbol on the keyboard.
    - The ASCII table is like a map that associates numbers with characters.
    - Each character in the ASCII table is assigned a unique decimal number. For example, the decimal representation of the letter 'A' is 65.
    - The ASCII table includes a wide range of characters, including uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, punctuation marks, and special symbols. For instance, the decimal values from 65 to 90 represent uppercase letters 'A' to 'Z'.
- While ASCII is a fundamental encoding standard, it has limitations, especially when it comes to representing characters from different languages. Java use Unicode which  is a more comprehensive character encoding system that supports a vast array of characters from various languages and scripts.

---
# Characters
- Download the .zip file from the class website: Lab02Week04Code.zip
- I'll go over `CharStrMethods.java` and `PrintAscii.java`
---

# Thank you! Any questions?

### Remember to give feedback if you have any!
