---
marp: true
theme: default
class: invert
style: |
    section {
        font-size: 180%;
    }
    footer {
        font-size: .6em;
    }
paginate: true
---
<!-- 
_paginate: false
_class: invert
-->

# <!--fit--> Discussion 09
<!-- 
_footer: "Credits to Adit Bala for his Marp template"
-->

### 

Brian Lau
`blau1@umd.edu`

---
## Agenda
<!-- 
_footer: "Slides available at [`beelau.vercel.app`](https://beelau.vercel.app)"
-->
1. Exam Questions
2. Methods (again)!
    - Now, with 100x the fun
3. Office Hours / Lecture Review
---
## Announcements :mega:
- `Exam 1`
    - This `Wednesday, Feb 28` in lecture
    - Good Luck :)
- Remind Brian of your name

---

# Static Methods!
- We're going to be creating multiple different static methods again
    - Let's start out by creating a `Utilities.java` file and a `Driver.java` file
        - Your methods will be written in `Utilities.java` and called in `Driver.java`

---
# 1. Palindrome
- Write a static method called `isPalindrome()` that takes a string as a parameter and determines (returns true or false) whether the string is a palindrome.
    - Assume the string is one word (no spaces)
    - A palindrome is a word, phrase, number, or other sequence of characters that reads the same forward and backward, ignoring spaces, punctuation, and capitalization. In other words, it remains unchanged when its characters are reversed. Examples of palindromic words include "level," "radar," and "civic"

---

# 2. Encode
- Write a static method called `encode()` that takes a string as a parameter and returns an encoded string. 
    - To generate the encoded string, the method will subtract 44 from the ASCII value of each character in the string. 
    - Let's use the StringBuilder class for this one!

---
# 3. Decode
- Write a static method called `decode()` that takes a string as a parameter and returns a decoded string. 
    - To generate the decoded string, the method will add 44 to the ASCII value of each character in the string

---

# 4. Centralize
- Write a static method called `centralize()` that takes a string as a parameter and an integer representing a field width. The method will return a string centralized in the field width. 
    - For example, centralizing "cat" in a field width of 9 will generate the string "   cat   ". 
    - If the field width is smaller than the string’s length the method will return null. 

---
# Thank you! Any questions?

### Remember to give feedback if you have any!
