---
marp: true
theme: default
class: invert
style: |
    section {
        font-size: 180%;
    }
    footer {
        font-size: .6em;
    }
paginate: true
---
<!-- 
_paginate: false
_class: invert
-->

# <!--fit--> Discussion 12
<!-- 
_footer: "Credits to Adit Bala for his Marp template"
-->

### 

Brian Lau
`blau1@umd.edu`

---
## Agenda
<!-- 
_footer: "Slides available at [`beelau.vercel.app`](https://beelau.vercel.app)"
-->
1. Project #4 Questions 
2. Some More Slides
3. Class Introduction 
    - Now you're getting into the meat of it
4. Office Hours / Lecture Review
---
## Announcements :mega:
- `Project 4`
    - Due `Monday March 11`
- Remind Brian of your name!

---
# System.err.println and Floating Point
- Finishing up slides 3-5 of `MemoryDiagrams.pdf`
- Pull up the `MemoryDiagramsCode.zip` too!
- Notice that `System.err.println()` is replacable by `System.out.println()` most of the time, but we use it for clarity!
---

# Classes, classes, classes (again)!
- We're going to be extending the class from last week!

---
# 1. Residents, Residents, Residents
- We're going to implement a new `StringBuffer` field for our residents
    - We're going to have to create some new methods as well
        - Can we think of any :) 

---

# 2. Modified toString() and addResident()
- We should have a way to add residents
    - Our new residents should also be represented in the `toString()`

---
# 3. Constructors (Default & Copy)
- Let's add 2 new constructors: Default and Constructor
    - What are the parameters of each one?
    - The keen eye will notice we had a default one before. I wonder what happened to it?

---
# 4. equals()
- Let's create a method to show if two buildings are equal
    - Finally, another `Driver3.java` file to show off all of this
---
# 5. Memory Map
- Let's show off a memory map of a sample run of our new buildings.
```
	public static void main(String[] args) {
		Building iribe = new Building("Iribe", 5);
		iribe.addResident("Mary");
		iribe.addResident("Rose"); /* STOP Drawing before returning from addResident */
		
		System.out.println(iribe);
	}
```
---

# Thank you! Any questions?

### Remember to give feedback if you have any!
