---
marp: true
theme: default
class: invert
style: |
    section {
        font-size: 180%;
    }
    footer {
        font-size: .6em;
    }
paginate: true
---
<!-- 
_paginate: false
_class: invert
-->

# <!--fit--> Discussion 14
<!-- 
_footer: "Credits to Adit Bala for his Marp template"
-->

### 

Brian Lau
`blau1@umd.edu`

---
## Agenda
<!-- 
_footer: "Slides available at [`beelau.vercel.app`](https://beelau.vercel.app)"
-->
1. Finishing up the Doctor class
    - Now with 63% more classes!
2. Debugging and JUnit Lecture :)
3. Office Hours / Lecture Review
---
## Announcements :mega:
- Project 5
    - `Wednesday March 27th, 2024 11:30 PM`
    - Let me know if you have trouble installing it (antivirus) there is another version we can try
- Remind Brian of your name!

---
# 7. increaseExperience() 
- This will increase the experience by a value specified in the parameter. It returns the current object
    - What should our method header look like?
---
# 8. Getters and Setters
- Similar to what we had last time!
    - Let's just make it for our `speciality` variable
---
# 9. Private Methods / Clean Up
- Let's add in a private helper method to let us know if years of experience is valid (between 0 and 75)
    - We should use this in our constructors and increaseExperience() method
    - If it's invalid, no change for our years of experience will take place
---
# 10. Statics
- Last but not least, let's create one final static variable to keep track of how many doctors we have
    - Let's call it `count`
    - Let's also create a getter for this!
---
# Debugging / JUnit

This is probably the most important thing I will teach you and one that you will **HAVE** to get comfortable with.

If you take anything away from my lectures it should be this one on Debugging / JUnit. 

Download the `TestingDebuggingCode.zip` if you haven't

---
# JUnit Testing

- JUnit is a popular testing framework for Java.
- It allows developers to write and run automated tests to ensure code correctness.
- In CMSC131, we'll cover some basic assertions and writing simple JUnit tests for your student tests.

---
# The Three Assertions You Ever Need

- JUnit provides several assertion methods to verify expected outcomes.
- The most common ones are:
    - `assertEquals(expected, actual)`: Asserts that two values are equal.
    - `assertTrue(condition)`: Asserts that a condition is true.
    - `assertFalse(condition)`: Asserts that a condition is false.

---
# Writing a Basic JUnit Test
- To write a JUnit test:
    - Create a new Java class in your test folder.
    - Import JUnit and any necessary classes.
    - **Write methods annotated with @Test.**
    - Use assertion methods to verify expected behavior.

---
# Example of a Basic JUnit Test:
```
import org.junit.Test;
import static org.junit.Assert.*;

public class MyMathTest {
    
    @Test
    public void testAddition() {
        int result = MyMath.add(3, 4);
        assertEquals(7, result);
    }
}
```
---
# Running Tests
- In Eclipse, to run JUnit tests:
    - Right-click on your test class.
    - Select Run As > JUnit Test.
    - View the test results in the JUnit tab.
---
# Summary
- JUnit is a testing framework for Java.
- Use `assertEquals()`, `assertTrue()`, and `assertFalse()` for basic assertions.
- Write test methods annotated with @Test.
    - Please please please make sure you do this. This is very forgettable and has caused many hours of pain and suffering for people (including me).
- Run tests using Eclipse's JUnit runner.
---

# Debugging in Eclipse for Java

- Debugging is the process of finding and resolving bugs or errors in software.
- Eclipse provides powerful debugging tools for Java development.


---
# Breakpoints

- To start we need to set a breakpoint!
- Breakpoints allow you to **pause the execution of your code at specific points.**
- Click on the left margin of the editor window to set or remove breakpoints.
    - Alternatively, use the shortcut Ctrl+Shift+B.

---
# Debugging Perspective
- To start debugging now, right-click on your Java file and select Debug As > Java Application.
Alternatively, use the shortcut F11 or click the bug icon :bug:.

- Eclipse will launch the application in debug mode.

---
# 3 main buttons to step Through Code
- Use the Step Into (F5), Step Over (F6), and Step Return (F7) buttons to navigate through code.
    - Step Into moves to the next line of code, entering method calls.
    - Step Over executes the current line and moves to the next.
    - Step Return exits the current method and moves to the caller.
- We also have a resume and a stop button (the green arrow and red button)
    - The resume button will run through your program, stopping at the next breakpoint (or if there isn't it will run the rest of it)
    - The stop button simply stops debugging and quits your program

--- 
# Resetting Perspective
- Sometimes, the layout of views and windows in the Debug perspective might get messy or cluttered.

- To reset the Debug perspective to its default layout:
    - Go to Window > Perspective > Reset Perspective....
    - Select the Debug perspective from the list.
    - Click OK to reset the perspective to its default configuration.

- This can help in regaining clarity and organization, especially if the perspective becomes confusing due to multiple views or misplaced windows.
    - This is also good to know for the regular perspective too :)
---
# Thank you! Any questions?

### Remember to give feedback if you have any!
